Import Model
Import private model
POST https://api.tripo3d.ai/v2/openapi/task
Request
type: Must be set to import_model.
file: Specifies the file input.
object (Strongly Recommended): The information you get from upload (STS), please read Docs/Upload (STS).
bucket: Normally should be tripo-data.
key: The resource_uri got from session token.
Response
task_id: The identifier for the successfully submitted task
Behaviour
Once the task moves out of the waiting queue, it typically completes within a few seconds. You will be able to use post-process on imported model as same as the model generated by us.

Example
Request:

Library:
curl
export APIKEY="tsk_***"
curl https://api.tripo3d.ai/v2/openapi/task \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${APIKEY}" \
-d '{
	"type": "import_model",
	"file": {
	  "object":{
	    "bucket":"tripo-data",
	    "key":"***"
	  }
	}
}'
unset APIKEY
Response:

{
  "code": 0,
  "data": {
    "task_id": "1ec04ced-4b87-44f6-a296-beee80777941"
  }
}
Errors
HTTP Status Code	Error Code	Description	Suggestion
429	2000	You have exceeded the limit of generation.	Please retry later.
For more infomation, please refer to Generation Rate Limit.
400	2002	The task type is unsupported.	Please check if you passed the correct task type.
400	2003	The input file is empty.	Please check if you passed file, or it’s may rejected by our firewall.
400	2004	The file type is unsupported.	Please check if the file you input is supported.
400	2008	Task is rejected because the input violates our content policy.	Please modify your input and retry.
If you believe the input should be valid, please contact us.
403	2010	You need more credits to start a new task.	Please reivew your usage at Billing and purchase more credits.
500	2014	Audit service error.	Content moderation service encountered an error. Please retry or contact support.
404	2019	File not found.	The referenced file does not exist in storage. Please verify the file reference.